---
title: "December 2023 Q&A"
date: 2023-12-15T16:03:14Z
file: https://audio.jonhoo.eu/file/audio-jonhoo-eu/2023-12-15T16:03:14Z.mp3
duration: 2:38:16
length: 113960900
youtube: https://youtu.be/A3qBmLx9uTU
---

### Link list

- Atomic operator in Raku/Perl 6: <https://andrewshitov.com/2019/09/09/atomic-operations-in-perl-6/>
- Helsing on Glassdoor: <https://www.glassdoor.com/Reviews/Helsing-Reviews-E6763957.htm>
- Simon Singh's The Code Book: <https://simonsingh.net/books/the-code-book/>
- Rustc dev guide: <https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/getting-started.html>
- I automated my bad keyboard: <https://www.reddit.com/r/MechanicalKeyboards/comments/17wrkaw/i_automated_my_bad_keyboard/>

### Timestamps

- [@0:00:00] Introduction
- [@0:01:31] How is work at Helsing?
- [@0:09:26] What software are you using?
- [@0:14:57] What do you think about Zig ?
- [@0:16:16] What's the pathway to become a contributor to the Rust Language?
- [@0:23:42] What languages did you use before Rust?
- [@0:31:20] How did you get such a good, deep understanding of Rust?
- [@0:34:05] How's life now back in Norway?
- [@0:38:46] Does WASM have a real future outside the web realm?
- [@0:40:55] My code feels way too simple. What am I doing wrong? 
- [@0:42:55] How do you now feel about AI code tools like GitHub Copilot?
- [@0:48:55] Rust's concurrency model compared to other languages you've worked with.
- [@0:51:04] Video on embedded programming when? 
- [@0:54:23] AsyncIterator: poll_next + Generator Syntax or just next?
- [@0:56:01] How do you test for concurrency bugs?
- [@1:02:14] What social platform do you get most value out of?
- [@1:11:05] Rust Foundation developing an official training and certification program.
- [@1:16:25] Why don't you use a Mac? is Linux actually that good?
- [@1:18:03] Is Ferrocene the right starting point for Rust in Space/Avionics?
- [@1:22:27] How is your experience of the culture, wlb and leadership style at Helsing?
- [@1:35:06] What does the role of Principal Engineer entail?
- [@1:39:15] Are you just using vanilla neovim for Rust?
- [@1:41:18] Will Rust 2.0 be just another release or will it be different?
- [@1:42:13] How can I get a job working in the Rust ecosystem?
- [@1:45:03] Why are there so few Rust jobs?
- [@1:50:07] What's your favorite book?
- [@1:53:58] What’s the biggest cultural difference of working in EU vs USA?
- [@1:56:40] What did you like/dislike about Amazon compared to Helsing?
- [@2:00:31] What do you do while waiting for Rust to compile on a big codebase?
- [@2:01:21] How do you feel about mathematics in computer science?
- [@2:03:12] If you had kids, would you want them to grow up in the US or in Nordic countries?
- [@2:06:35] Will you do some advent of code in rust?
- [@2:07:31] What's a project you would like to start, but haven't had the time to start it?
- [@2:15:34] What are your thoughts on CTFs? Have you ever played them? 
- [@2:15:49] How are you so cool?
- [@2:15:59] How are the cats adjusting to the move?
- [@2:16:30] How are you doing?
- [@2:17:28] Any ideas to make profiling of Rust programs better?
- [@2:17:59] How do you use properly mpsc receiver on a separate thread?
- [@2:18:29] Do you use a debugger, print, or both?
- [@2:19:00] What's your Rust 2.0 wishlist? 
- [@2:19:37] What do you think about certifications?
- [@2:20:10] Why do you look so old?
- [@2:20:30] Any tips on how to increase my salary (in LatAm)?
- [@2:21:23] What does your ideal team look like?
- [@2:22:53] Is there any issue/topic that you are too busy to do but would love if someone did it?
- [@2:24:45] What are some beginner-friendly open-source Rust projects that may hire remotely?
- [@2:25:53] Are there jobs for junior Rust developers?
- [@2:26:23] Can you give any advice on Statement of Purpose and Letters of Recommendation?
- [@2:29:26] What do you think of Rust's 2024 roadmap?
- [@2:31:11] Go vote for the last question...
- [@2:33:22] How do you get excited to build stuff and improve without getting burnt out?
