---
title: "January 2025 Q&A"
date: 2025-01-01T17:30:41Z
file: https://audio.jonhoo.eu/file/audio-jonhoo-eu/2025-01-01T17:30:41Z.mp3
duration: "03:48:10"
length: 164281826
youtube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zw88-0ofBs0
category: qna
---

Questions and answers session from January, 2025.

### Timestamps

- [@0:00:00] Introduction
- [@0:02:42] What's your stand on "the AI stuff"?
- [@0:06:51] Have you had to do a "LeetCode" interview?
- [@0:09:52] How can I actually finish projects I start?
- [@0:12:53] What is your opinion about nix and NixOS?
- [@0:16:48] How do you view the Zig programming language?
- [@0:19:18] Will you do any more CodeCrafters streams?
- [@0:21:18] will you do any more from-scratch building videos?
- [@0:21:57] Do you use a debugger like GDB?
- [@0:24:40] Will you decrust rayon?
- [@0:26:11] Can you tell us more about ReadySet?
- [@0:30:28] Who's been instrumental in your programming journey?
- [@0:34:08] What do you think about Amazon’s recent RTO-mandates?
- [@0:39:31] How do you navigate a large codebase?
- [@0:45:23] How do I learn to write performant code in Rust?
- [@0:49:35] Can we ever be truly free from libc?
- [@0:52:15] How did you learn to speak so "carefully"?
- [@0:58:32] Do you have any favourite Rust or programming blogs?
- [@1:03:23] I'm learning Rust but am struggling to follow your book/videos
- [@1:07:48] Should rustc move away from C++ written LLVM?
- [@1:11:41] What are your thoughts on the state of IPv6?
- [@1:13:30] Are you interested in formal verification?
- [@1:25:16] If you could study CS again, what would you do differently?
- [@1:29:50] As a Principal Engineer, do you escape the PM aspects?
- [@1:34:16] Do you have ethical concerns about working in the military industry?
- [@1:44:03] Can you provide more technical details around what you've worked on?
- [@1:49:30] Thoughts on the Rust 2024 Edition?
- [@2:02:12] Rules of thumb for "bolt more on" vs "just rewrite it"
- [@2:05:19] What are your main sources to keep up with new technologies?
- [@2:09:04] Do you still keep up to date with academic research?
- [@2:11:29] What inspired/influenced your way of working with humans?
- [@2:18:42] How can we help you make more educational content?
- [@2:36:15] Have you read about the academic research around CRDTs?
- [@2:37:51] What do you think about Rust-side GUIs like Tauri?
- [@2:41:22] What is missing from Rust?
- [@2:51:00] What are you looking forward to the most in 2025?
- [@2:53:22] How are the cats doing?
- [@2:56:56] Is this OK to wish Helsing will never need to use its products?
- [@2:58:55] How do you choose the right abstractions when coding in Rust?
- [@3:01:18] Is the Rust performance debugging experience worse on macOS than Linux?
- [@3:03:49] Have you ever used Elixir/Erlang/other BEAM-based languages?
- [@3:07:49] Rust with a team who are excited about Rust but have no experience
- [@3:10:06] What's a concept that you initially found challenging?
- [@3:13:35] Picking Rust as a startup language
- [@3:15:27] Is the adoption of Rust slowing down?
- [@3:16:50] What new technologies are you willing to learn this year?
- [@3:18:03] Have you considered going vegan?
- [@3:20:37] Does Helsing sell arms to Israel and would you stay if they did?
- [@3:22:06] What is something that you think is underrated?
- [@3:29:18] Running through remaining questions (list in description)

Here are the questions I covered in the "run through" at the end. There
were _way_ more questions left that these, but these are the ones we go
to!

- What is one thing you regret learning in 2024?
- Thoughts on gpui from the zed team?
- What language would you "main" if rust wouldn't exist?
- How do you see Rust in Linux kernel?
- Have you used ghostty?
- Have you made any updates to your setup recently?
- Are you neurotypical?
- What do you think about graphics programming in Rust?

3:32:14

- Why is your mascot a llama?
- How hard is it to land a first job working with Rust?
- Will you decrust actix-web?
- Have you ever had to fix memory fragmentation issues in Rust?
- What are your plans for 2025 around content creation?
- How do you retain knowledge?
- How do you stay motivated?
- How can you stay so lean all the time?
- What do you enjoy except coding?

3:35:35

- Is it expected to look so many things up while reading R4R?
- When did you pick up Rust?
- Why didn't you stay in academia?
- Is self-teaching Rust possible?
- Are you afraid of dying (too early)?
- How can I improve my English?

3:39:34

- What is the tech stack for this site?
- Why doesn't Rust support arbitrary sized integers (e.g., u1, u2)?
- Why can't Rust's std be distributed as a static library?
- What's the source of your aversion towards Blockchain?
- Are you still enjoying Norway?
- Are you concerned about Rust unsoundness bugs?
- What software do you use for dealing with documentation?

3:44:50

- How do you keep up with friends (esp. across timezones)?
- Have you tried the zed editor yet?
- Does being in Norway make up for career/income upside lost from the US?
- Any wisdom on Borrow vs AsRef?
